1. How long did you spend working on the problem? What did you find to be the most
difficult part?

A: The first working solution for the "small" data set took me about 1.5 hours, including
the time to read the document and understand the problem.
The longest time was taken to read the data and solutions, together with the document, to
understand the logics behind, and come out with the flow to implement.

2. How would you modify your data model or code to account for an eventual introduction
of new, as-of-yet unknown types of covenants, beyond just maximum default likelihood
and state restrictions?

A: Based on OOP, a facility should HAVE one or more covenants (has-a relation). Hence,
the facility object should contain a method to verify if a given loan is "legal" to pick up.
To make it more sophisticated, we can extend Covenant class to have different types of
covenants, which will be checked by the facility object one by one.

3. How would you architect your solution as a production service wherein new facilities can
be introduced at arbitrary points in time. Assume these facilities become available by the
finance team emailing your team and describing the addition with a new set of CSVs.

A: I would create a service API to allow the financial team to post a request to add new
facilities. In production, this new facilities should be saved in database.
Secuirty policy needs to be implemented for the financial teams to over-see the permissions
to do so.

4. Your solution most likely simulates the streaming process by directly calling a method in
your code to process the loans inside of a for loop. What would a REST API look like for
this same service? Stakeholders using the API will need, at a minimum, to be able to
request a loan be assigned to a facility, and read the funding status of a loan, as well as
query the capacities remaining in facilities.

A: This can be done by using a network streaming. I used to use websocket when I was working
at RBC, to listen to a port which other parties will stream in the loans.

5. How might you improve your assignment algorithm if you were permitted to assign loans
in batch rather than streaming? We are not looking for code here, but pseudo code or
description of a revised algorithm appreciated.

A: If loans are coming in batches, it opens an opportunity to optimize the solution, to maximize
the yields. This can be done using the Graph Theory's matching algorithm, which is essentially
a linear programming problem. The complexity is polynomial.

Basically, we can construct a bipartite graph, with one part contains the loans, the other part
contains the facilities. With all the covenants limitation, we solve the optimal solution for
the matching.

6. Discuss your solution’s runtime complexity.

A: For a given loan, the time to find the facility is linear of the number of facilities. I did
an optimization by sorting the facilities with there interest rates, so that we do not need to
go over all the facilites every time. Instead, we can stop at the very first "legal" facility,
which is guaranteed to have the smallest possible interest rate.